doc: align ansible/helm migration guides with go (#4640)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: website/content/en/docs/building-operators/golang/migration.md

## Overview

The v1.0 release improves upon prior `operator-sdk` releases with a new project structure and CLI, each of which enhances project extensibility and customizability. These design changes are influenced by [`kubebuilder`](https://book.kubebuilder.io/).

> **Note:** It is recommended that you have your project upgraded to the latest SDK release version (0.19.x+) before following the steps in this guide to migrate to new layout. However, see that might work from previous versions as well. In this case, if you found any issue which is not covered here then, check the previous [Migration Guides][migration-doc] which might help out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** It is recommended that you have your project upgraded to the latest SDK release version (0.19.x+) before following the steps in this guide to migrate to the new layout. However, the steps might work from previous versions as well. In this case, if you find an issue which is not covered here then check the previous [Migration Guides][migration-doc] which might help out.
```

### What is new

Scaffolded projects now use:

- [kustomize][kustomize] to manage Kubernetes resources needed to deploy your operator
- A `Makefile` with helpful targets to build, test, deploy and tailor things based on your project needs
- Helpers and options to work with webhooks. For further information see [What is a Webhook?][webhook-doc]
- Updated metrics configuration using [kube-auth-proxy][kube-auth-proxy], a `--metrics-addr` flag, and [kustomize][kustomize]-based deployment of a Kubernetes `Service` and prometheus operator `ServiceMonitor`
- Scaffolded tests that use the [`envtest`][envtest] test framework
- Preliminary support for CLI plugins. For more info see the [plugins design document][plugins-phase1-design-doc]
- A `PROJECT` configuration file to store information about GVKs, plugins, and help the CLI make decisions.
- A new option to create projects using ComponentConfig. For more info, see [enhancement proposal][enhancement proposal] and the [Component config tutorial][component-config-tutorial]
- Go version `1.15` (previously it was `1.13`).

Generated files with the default API versions:

> - `apiextensions/v1` for generated CRDs (`apiextensions/v1beta1` was deprecated in Kubernetes `1.16` and will be removed at `1.22`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `apiextensions/v1` for generated CRDs (`apiextensions/v1beta1` was deprecated in Kubernetes `1.16` and will be removed in `1.22`)
```

> - `admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1` for webhooks (`admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1beta1` was deprecated in Kubernetes `1.16` and will be removed at `1.22` )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1` for webhooks (`admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1beta1` was deprecated in Kubernetes `1.16` and will be removed in `1.22` )
```
